CQF-1915 (#243)
HL7/fhir-qi-core: input/pages/qdm-to-qicore.md

*Priority indicates the urgency of the procedure or the encounter
referenced. In \[electronic clinical quality measures\] (eCQMs) the
priority attribute will help specify elective from urgent encounters

> (e.g., hospital admissions) or procedures. Priority is a codable concept

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(e.g., hospital admissions) or procedures. Priority is a CodeableConcept
```

Reviewer: see http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#CodeableConcept
